In the last lecture we started building the check out container or we actually built it.
But now once loaded with routing for that I'll quit the start process because I'll install a new package
with NPM install dash dash save to store entry in the package touch base and fall and then it's re-act
router dorm.
Now as mentioned in an article in the re-act router module you can install re-act router reactor our
Dawn does Rapide and does have it as a dependency.
But you don't need to.
We will only work with reactor Dohm your so that is all we need to install.
Still installing the package too won't hurt you.
It's not increasing the bundles size or anything like that.
You can stall it explicitly but you don't need to.
So with that let me now run NPM start again.
And now that the routing is set up or that the router was installed I want to take advantage of it to
load ever the Bergere Buller or the checkout.
Now as you learn for that we need to wrap everything where we want to use routing with the browser router
and I will do that in the index jr's fault.
Though you could do it in the aperture as Faltu.
I want to wrap my whole app though so I'll do it here.
And this is a good place to do it of course.
For that I'll add a new import in the asphalt from re-act router Daum And the thing I want to import
is the browser router.
Now create a new constant which I'll just name.
App.
I'll use parentheses to be able to write multi-line GSX code and then I'll use the browser rowdier opening
and closing tag and in between I'll put my app like this.
And now I'll use the app constant I just create it down there as an argument to pass it down here in
re-act Tom render.
Now we can use routeing in our package.
Does this routing enabled.
Now let's set up some routes and let's do this and he actually has followed where I currently load both
the Burgert Boulder and checkout to set up routing.
I'll import the route component from re-act router DOM like this and now instead of using Berbel or
or check out like it is hard coded in there are or route with a pop and then with component to render
some component here.
It's a self-closing component because you don't need to pass anything between opening and closing tag.
I actually can't.
So here for payoff for just slash so for Drood path I want to load my burger Baldor component and then
duplicate this because for Slash checkout I want to load the checkout component.
Now with the current set up both would be loaded because POF is treated as a prefix.
So this would always be a hit and for checkout this would be a hit too.
So for checkout bouffe would be loaded for Bergere Boulder disk would be loaded but we would always
load this because of that.
Treat me as a prefix standard we can add the exec property to prevent this or we use to switch component
to wrap our routes.
You only get one hit but then we also need to change the order with exact order doesn't matter here
because it's not treated as a prefix it's not catching everything with out exact order would matter
so I'll change the order and use SFC and use switch to just to show everything though that isn't all
required for this setup at least.
So I'll still rapid with switch so we only load one of these routes.
The first one which matches the path the given path.
So now we should only see the burger Baldor again and we do.
There is no other part loaded.
The next step of course is to make sure that when we click on continue in this Modal did we also navigate
to slash checkouts so that we can see death route instead.
Let's do this in the next lecture.